If you could level up in life just like in video games, where would you put your next skill point?

What have you done wrong for most of your life and only recently found out the right way to do it?

How does your definition of a “real man” differ from the mainstream stereotype of a “real man”?

What video game do you wish life was more like?

What’s the best prank you can play on someone?

If time wasn’t an issue and you had forever to master a skill, what skill would you master?

What was the biggest mistake in history?

What are some fun euphemisms for everyday activities?

If you wanted to give a tourist the local flavor of where you live, what would you have them do?

What does friendship mean to you?

What would be the worst thing to have a phobia of?

Who or what do you always have time for?

What are two things you’ll never spend money on?

If you could make everyone in the world believe one thing (regardless of whether it’s true or not), what thing would you choose?

What do you need to rant about or get off your chest?

What’s the best bad decision you’ve made?

What could you give a two-hour impromptu lecture on?

What can a movie do to make you get up and walk out?

What are you so incredibly terrible at, that you’ve given up ever doing it again?

What was your favorite cartoon when you were growing up?

What are some things people have selflessly done to make your life better?

What do you own that a lot of people comment on?

What’s your perfect burger?

Which fictional villain is your favorite?

You’re given $300,000 to make one room in your house or apartment ridiculously amazing, what room do you pick and what upgrades do you make?

Have you ever seen anyone pull the “Do you know who I am?!” card?

What are some boring games or sports and how can they be livened up?

What game do you always lose?

What do you like to do that is traditionally considered feminine?

What’s the weirdest thing you used to eat as a child?

What was the last movie that made you cry?

What small stuff do you always sweat?

If you could add 4 hours to your day, what would you spend that 4 hours doing?

What’s something everyone should experience at least once in their life?

What state / city would like to move to?
What’s something obvious that you never noticed until someone pointed it out?

What small thing makes you angrier than it should?

What one thing would you most want to save if your house caught fire? Assuming that any people or animals made it out safely already.

What flavor combination is kind of weird but you really like it?

What really annoys you when other people do it, but you occasionally do it as well?

Where have you traveled?

What obscure website do you absolutely love?

What random acts of extreme kindness would you like to see?

What’s the most useful skill you’ve ever learned?

If you were given the ability to make one new trend and it be instantly popular, what trend would you create?

When was the last time you remember someone doing or saying something so stupid that you were sure it was a joke?

What was the most historic thing you witnessed in person or took part in?

What do you know way too much about?

If it was decided that all countries would be abolished and the entire earth would be one unified political body, what would be the capital city of Earth? What would its flag and anthem be?

What’s the best $5 you’ve ever spent?

What movie really encapsulates the era it was made it?

What fictional character is portrayed as a hero but is actually more like a villain?

What was a random compliment that someone gave you that really stuck in your memory?

If you could go back in time and inspire someone to make a present-day invention, what invention in what time period would advance humanity the most?

What’s your phone or computer wallpaper?

What’s your favorite board or card game? How about your least favorite?

What was the worst thing you ever tasted?

If you were a ghost, how would you haunt?

What’s one small thing you could do each day that would greatly improve your life?

What makes you special and unique?

What do you judge people for that you probably shouldn’t?

What movie quote are you tired of hearing?

What would be the last movie you’d like to see before you die?

What two things are you most passionate about?

What must be seen or experienced in person to really appreciate it?

What common ingredient or spice do you despise?

What celebrities are most likely to be jerks?

How well can you explain how a car works?

What’s the first thing that you think when see a homeless person?

What’s the most ridiculous tattoo you’ve ever seen?

If you were an actor, what kind of roles do you think you would be good at?

What’s the most paranormal thing that has happened to you?

What movie would be better if the plot happened in reverse?

What’s currently legal but won’t be in ten or twenty years?

What would you like to be the best in the world at doing?

What have you done a lot but are still incredibly bad at?

What are you too old for but still enjoy?

What was fun to do once, but you’ll never do it again?

If you could pick up any one instrument and instantly be a virtuoso at it, what instrument would you choose?

What’s your best one liner?

What was the last major goal you accomplished?

What are some problems you realize are first world problems but are annoyed by them anyway?

What do you collect?

What’s the worst injury you’ve ever gotten?

Would you volunteer to go colonize another planet if it meant you would never return to earth?

What would be the worst store to have a $1,000 gift card for?

When was the last time a stranger made your day?

What’s something you’re surprised no one has figured out how to do yet?

What’s your creative outlet?

When was the last time that things got a little too real?

What do people idealize but really shouldn’t?

Who’s famous for their talent, but really shouldn’t be?

If you could add one rule that everyone must follow when they use the internet, what would your rule be?

What’s worse than you thought it would be?

What have you really wanted to do for a long time but haven’t done yet?

What’s the worst slip of tongue you have heard about?

What activity or hobby is so filled with hateful people that it puts you off trying it?

What’s your “back in my day, we…”?

Who is the funniest actor or actress still doing movies or TV shows?

What’s the best part of your day?

What’s the strangest hobby you’ve heard of?

What language do you like the sound of even though you don’t know how to speak it?

What’s your favorite movie from each genre?

What’s your definition of a good human being?

What news headline would you most like to see?

If you could run away from it all and start fresh somewhere new, would you?

If you were given $10,000 to throw an amazing party, gathering, or event, what would that look like?

When was the last time you felt completely out of the loop?

What are some small pleasures that make you way happier than they should?

What’s something you boycott but don’t make a big deal of boycotting?

What social media post has really stuck with you?

What common piece of advice or words of wisdom don’t actually make much sense?

If you had to be stuck at one age forever, what age would you choose?

What’s an example of a modern masterpiece?

What useless bit of information have you memorized and will probably never forget?

What quote has always stuck with you?

What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen while driving?

What would be the worst animal to be eaten by?

On a scale of existential crisis to living the dream how’s life going?

Besides religion and politics, what topic always gets heated in your circle of friends and acquaintances?

If you could show everyone in the world one image for 10 seconds but it couldn’t contain text, what image would you choose?

What looks like it should taste better than it does?

If there were an Olympics for average people, what would some of the events be?

What would an exact opposite of you be like?

Would you travel to a foreign country all by yourself?

If States could date, who would be into who and why?

What’s something commonly done that if you explained it to someone outside of your culture would sound completely insane or at a least a really bad idea?

What would you recommend to someone if they had the day off and didn’t know what to do?

What do you imagine the lives of super rich people are like?

What’s the biggest “scene” you’ve seen someone make in public?

What fictional character did you / do you have the hots for?

What’s your best podcast recommendation?

What happens more often than you’d like?

What genetic modification would you most like to have?

What was something you loved but it never really took off or was ended before it’s time?

Who would you want to play you in a movie about your life?

What would be the absolute best pet to have?

What’s a piece of advice that you wish everyone would take to heart?

What’s one thing your learned this week?

What’s the dumbest rule you’ve been forced to follow?

What’s the most absurd thing that has become reality for you?

Do you think your childhood was better or worse than other people growing up in a similar place and time?

What’s your most common first thought when you wake up?

If you had a disease named after you, what would be the symptoms?

What rules do you make for yourself?

What’s one regret you have?

What’s the single most important thing you have done in your life?

When you are old, what do you think children will ask you to tell stories about?

If you could switch two movie characters, what switch would lead to the most inappropriate movies?

What animal would be cutest if scaled down to the size of a cat?

What inanimate object would be the most annoying if it played loud upbeat music while being used?

When did something start out badly for you but in the end, it was great?

What weird food combinations do you really enjoy?

How would your country change if everyone, regardless of age, could vote?

What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?

If your job gave you a surprise three day paid break to rest and recuperate, what would you do with those three days?

Where do you get your news?

What movie can you watch over and over without ever getting tired of?

What’s wrong but sounds right?

What’s the most epic way you’ve seen someone quit or be fired?

If you couldn’t be convicted of any one type of crime, what criminal charge would you like to be immune to?

What social stigma does society need to get over?


Report this ad

What’s the most creative use of emojis you’ve ever seen?

What’s something that will always be in fashion, no matter how much time passes?

What actors or actresses play the same character in almost every movie or show they do?

In the past people were buried with the items they would need in the afterlife, what would you want buried with you so you could use it in the afterlife?

What’s the best / worst practical joke that you’ve played on someone or that was played on you?

Who do you go out of your way to be nice to?

Where do you get most of the decorations for your home?

What food have you never eaten but would really like to try?

What food is delicious but a pain to eat?

Who was your craziest / most interesting teacher

What “old person” things do you do?

What was the last photo you took?

What is the most amazing slow motion video you’ve seen?

Where are some unusual places you’ve been?

Which celebrity do you think is the most down to earth?

What would be the worst thing to hear as you are going under anesthesia before heart surgery?

What’s the spiciest thing you’ve ever eaten?

What’s the most expensive thing you’ve broken?

What obstacles would be included in the World’s most amazing obstacle course?

What makes you roll your eyes every time you hear it?

What do you think you are much better at than you actually are?

Should kidneys be able to be bought and sold?

When was the last time you got to tell someone “I told you so.”?

What would a world populated by clones of you be like?

What riddles do you know?

What’s your cure for hiccups?

What invention doesn’t get a lot of love, but has greatly improved the world?

What’s something you really resent paying for?

Do you think that aliens exist?

What are you currently worried about?

What’s the most interesting building you’ve ever seen or been in?

What mythical creature do you wish actually existed?

What are your most important rules when going on a date?

How do you judge a person?

If someone narrated your life, who would you want to be the narrator?

What was the most unsettling film you’ve seen?

What unethical experiment would have the biggest positive impact on society as a whole?

When was the last time you were snooping, and found something you wish you hadn’t?

Which celebrity or band has the worst fan base?

What are you interested in that most people aren’t?

If you were given a PhD degree, but had no more knowledge of the subject of the degree besides what you have now, what degree would you want to be given to you?

What smartphone feature would you actually be excited for a company to implement?

What’s something people don’t worry about but really should?

What movie quotes do you use on a regular basis?

Do you think that children born today will have better or worse lives than their parents?

What’s the funniest joke you know by heart?

When was the last time you felt you had a new lease on life?

What’s the funniest actual name you’ve heard of someone having?

Which charity or charitable cause is most deserving of money?

What TV show character would it be the most fun to change places with for a week?

What was cool when you were young but isn’t cool now?

If you were moving to another country, but could only pack one carry-on sized bag, what would you pack?

What’s the most ironic thing you’ve seen happen?

If magic was real, what spell would you try to learn first?

If you were a ghost and could possess people, what would you make them do?

What goal do you think humanity is not focused enough on achieving?

What problem are you currently grappling with?

What character in a movie could have been great, but the actor they cast didn’t fit the role?

What game have you spent the most hours playing?

What’s the most comfortable bed or chair you’ve ever been in?

What’s the craziest conversation you’ve overheard?

What’s the hardest you’ve ever worked?

What movie, picture, or video always makes you laugh no matter how often you watch it?

What artist or band do you always recommend when someone asks for a music recommendation?

If you could have an all-expenses paid trip to see any famous world monument, which monument would you choose?

If animals could talk, which animal would be the most annoying?

What’s the most addicted to a game you’ve ever been?

What’s the coldest you’ve ever been?

Which protagonist from a book or movie would make the worst roommate?

Do you eat food that’s past its expiration date if it still smells and looks fine?

What’s the most ridiculous thing you have bought?

What’s the funniest comedy skit you’ve seen?

What’s the most depressing meal you’ve eaten?

What tips or tricks have you picked up from your job / jobs?

What outdoor activity haven’t you tried, but would like to?

What songs hit you with a wave of nostalgia every time you hear them?

What’s the worst backhanded compliment you could give someone?

What’s the most interesting documentary you’ve ever watched?

What was the last song you sung along to?

What’s the funniest thing you’ve done or had happen while your mind was wandering?

What app can you not believe someone hasn’t made yet?

When was the last time you face palmed?

If you were given five million dollars to open a small museum, what kind of museum would you create?

Which of your vices or bad habits would be the hardest to give up?

What really needs to be modernized?

When was the last time you slept more than nine hours?

How comfortable are you speaking in front of large groups of people?

What’s your worst example of procrastination?

Who has zero filter between their brain and mouth?

What was your most recent lie?

When was the last time you immediately regretted something you said?

What would be the best thing you could reasonably expect to find in a cave?

What did you think was going to be amazing but turned out to be horrible?

What bit of trivia do you know that is very interesting but also very useless?

What’s the silliest thing you’ve seen someone get upset about?

What animal or plant do you think should be renamed?

What was the best thing that happened to you today?

What languages do you wish you could speak?

What’s the most pleasant sounding accent?

What’s something that everyone, absolutely everyone, in the entire world can agree on?

What country is the strangest?

What’s the funniest word in the English language?

What’s some insider knowledge that only people in your line of work have?

Who do you wish you could get back into contact with?

How do you make yourself sleep when you can’t seem to get to sleep?

If people receive a purple heart for bravery, what would other color hearts represent?

What are some of the best vacations you’ve had?

If there was a book of commandments for the modern world, what would some of the rules be?

What’s the craziest video you’ve ever seen?

What’s your “Back in my day, we…”?

If you could know the truth behind every conspiracy, but you would instantly die if you hinted that you knew the truth, would you want to know?

What animal would be the most terrifying if it could speak?

What’s the worst hairstyle you’ve ever had?

What habit do you have now that you wish you started much earlier?

If you were given one thousand acres of land that you didn’t need to pay taxes on but couldn’t sell, what would you do with it?

What about the opposite sex confuses you the most?

When was the last time you yelled at someone?

What’s the opposite of a koala?

What kinds of things do you like to cook or are good at cooking?

What life skills are rarely taught but extremely useful?

What movie universe would be the worst to live out your life in?

If you could hack into any one computer, which computer would you choose?

Who do you feel like you know even though you’ve never met them?

What’s the most ridiculous animal on the planet?

What’s the worst thing you’ve eaten out of politeness?

What’s the most historic thing that has happened in your lifetime?

What happens in your country regularly that people in most countries would find strange or bizarre?

What has been blown way out of proportion?

When was a time you acted nonchalant but were going crazy inside?

What’s about to get much better?

What are some clever examples of misdirection you’ve seen?

What’s your funniest story involving a car?

What would be the click-bait titles of some popular movies?

If you built a themed hotel, what would the theme be and what would the rooms look like?

What scientific discovery would change the course of humanity overnight if it was discovered?

Do you think that humans will ever be able to live together in harmony?

What would your perfect bar look like?

What’s the scariest nonhorror movie?

What’s the most amazing true story you’ve heard?

What’s the grossest food that you just can’t get enough of?

What brand are you most loyal to?

What’s the most awkward thing that happens to you on a regular basis?

If you had to disappear and start a whole new life, what would you want your new life to look like?

What movie or book do you know the most quotes from?

What was one of the most interesting concerts you’ve been to?

Where are you not welcome anymore?

What do you think could be done to improve the media?

What’s the most recent show you’ve binge watched?

What’s the worst movie trope?

What’s a common experience for many people that you’ve never experienced?

What are some misconceptions about your hobby?

What’s the smartest thing you’ve seen an animal do?

What’s the most annoying noise?

What’s your haunted house story?

What did you Google last?

What’s the dumbest thing someone has argued with you about?

If money and practicality weren’t a problem, what would be the most interesting way to get around town?

What’s the longest rabbit hole you’ve been down?

What’s the saddest scene in a movie or TV series?

What’s the most frustrating product you own?

What inconsequential super power would you like to have?

What qualities do all your friends have in common?

What odd smell do you really enjoy?

What’s the coolest animal you’ve seen in the wild?

What’s the best lesson you’ve learned from a work of fiction?
What food do you crave most often?

Who in your life has the best / worst luck?

What fashion trend makes you cringe or laugh every time you see it?

What’s your best story of you or someone else trying to be sneaky and failing miserably?

Which apocalyptic dystopia do you think is most likely?

If you had a HUD that showed three stats about any person you looked at, what three stats would you want it to show?

What’s the funniest thing you’ve seen a kid do?

What’s your secret talent?

What’s the best way you or someone you know has gotten out of a ticket / trouble with the law?

Tear gas makes people cry and laughing gas makes people giggle, what other kinds of gases do you wish existed?

What’s the most beautiful beach you’ve been to?

What’s the most anxiety inducing thing you do on a regular basis?

What’s something that everyone agrees we should change, but somehow it never changes?

What trend are you tired of?

What’s incredibly cheap and you would pay way more for?

What’s your grossest bug story?

What would the adult version of an ice-cream truck sell and what song would it play?

What company do you despise?

When was the most inappropriate time you busted out in laughter?

What would be an accurate tag line for each month?

What’s the most overrated product out on the market?

What word do you always misspell?

What naps are the most satisfying?

What’s the weirdest thing you’ve found lying on the ground / side of the road?

What’s the funniest TV show you’ve ever seen?

What’s the most embarrassing story from your childhood?

What animal is the most majestic?

What’s something that everyone knows is true, but we don’t like to admit it?

What’s the weirdest text or email you’ve gotten?

What always cheers you up when you think about it?

What sport could you play the longest in a televised game, without anyone discovering you aren’t a professional athlete?

If you could talk to animals and they would understand you, but you couldn’t understand them, what would you do with that power?

What’s the most boring sport, and what would you do to make it more exciting?

What’s the creepiest tech out there?

Who did you use to look up to, but they screwed up and you lost faith in them?

What’s fine in small numbers but terrifying in large numbers?

Do you like things to be carefully planned or do you prefer to just go with the flow?

What animal would you most like to eat?

What fictional characters have you had a crush on over the years?

What would the box with all your hopes and dreams inside look like?

What was the worst shopping experience you’ve ever had?

What story you’ve heard has stayed with you and always disturbs you every time you think about it?

What was the most important appointment or deadline you missed?

If you were a clown themed super hero, what powers would you have?

If you could airdrop anything you want, worth two million dollars or less, anywhere you want, what would you airdrop and where would you airdrop it?

If you lived in a virtual reality world of your own creation, what would it look like?

What escalated very quickly?

What two things are terrible when separate but great when you put them together?

What did you believe for way too long as a child?

What big event do you think will happen soon that most people aren’t expecting?

What still makes you cringe when you think back on it?

What current trend makes no sense to you?

If you owned a restaurant, what kind of food would it serve?

Which celebrity is the most likely to have a collection of canes that are just for show?

What’s the weirdest crush you’ve had?

What do a lot of people have very strong opinions about, even though they know very little about it?

What’s your go to casino game?

An epic feast is held in your honor, what’s on the table?

What’s your favorite holiday movie?

Who is the most manipulative person you’ve ever met?

Who is the most creative person you know?

What’s the funniest pick up line you’ve heard?

What seemingly innocent question makes you think “It’s a trap!”?

How ambitious are you?

What did you like / dislike about where you grew up?

What elements of pop culture will be forever tied in your mind to your childhood?

What’s your good luck charm?

What’s legal now, but probably won’t be in 25 years?

Would you want the ability to hear the thoughts of people near you if you couldn’t turn the ability off?

When was the last time you stayed up through the entire night?

What’s something that people think makes them look cool, but actually has the opposite effect?

What’s the oldest thing you own?
What has someone borrowed but never given back?

Where is the best place you’ve been for taking walks?

If cartoon physics suddenly replaced real physics, what are some things you would want to try?

What from the present will withstand the test of time?

Who in your life is the worst at using technology?

What’s the weirdest conversation you’ve eavesdropped on?

What just around the corner tech are you eager to get your hands on?

What was the darkest movie you’ve ever seen?

What do you do when you hear something fall in the middle of the night while you are in bed?

What outfit could you put together from clothes you own to get the most laughs?

What’s the most disgusting sounding word in the English language?

What was ruined because it became popular?

What outdated slang do you use on a regular basis?

What was the biggest realization you had about yourself?

What’s your best example of easy come, easy go?

What small change greatly improves a person’s appearance?

What topic could you spend hours talking about?

What happens regularly that would horrify a person from 100 years ago?

What do a lot of people hope will happen but is just not going to happen?

What’s the weirdest thing that has happened to you while working at your job?

What questions would you like to ask a time traveler from 200 years in the future?

Which way should toilet paper hang, over or under?

What’s the most physically painful thing you’ve ever experienced?

What horror story do you have from a job you’ve had?

What’s the most rage inducing game you’ve ever played?

What’s the biggest overreaction you’ve ever seen?

What are some of the most common misconceptions?

What job doesn’t exist now but will exist in the future?

What awful movie do you love?

What normally delicious food gets ruined when you wrap it in a tortilla?

What’s your best example of fake it till you make it?

What were you completely certain of until you found out you were wrong?

What’s something commonly done that gets progressively weirder the more you think about it?

What’s the cutest thing you can imagine? Something so cute it’s almost painful.

If you were given unlimited resources, how would you lure the worst of humanity into one stadium at the same time?

What do you think about when you hear the word “classy”?

What near future predictions do you have?

What do you need help with most often?

What piece of “art” would you create if you had to pretend to be an artist and submit something to a gallery?

What do you do to make the world a better place?

What’s the best and worst thing about the country you are from?

If you were in charge renaming things so that their names would be more accurate, what names would you come up with?

What’s better broken than whole?

What values are most important to you?

What’s the best sandwich you’ve ever had?

What’s the worst thing you ate from a fast food restaurant?

What’s something that I don’t know?

What profession doesn’t get enough credit or respect?

What memory of yours feels real but is most likely false?

What’s your “and then it got worse” story?

What was the most amazing physical feat you’ve managed to pull off?

What’s the most annoying thing about the social media platform you use most often?

If you were hired to show tourists what life is really like where you live, what would you show them / have them do?

What would be the most unsettling thing to keep occasionally finding around your house?

What nicknames do you have for people in your life?

What does the opposite sex do that you wish that you could do, but it’s not anatomically feasible or it’s socially frowned upon?

How much do you plan / prepare for the future?

What do you hate most and love most about your car?

What weird potato chip flavor that doesn’t exist would you like to try?

What’s the silliest thing you’ve convinced someone of?

How much do you think names affect the outcomes of people’s lives?

What product or service is way more expensive than it needs to be?

What’s the shadiest thing you’ve seen someone do?

What was the last situation where some weird stuff went down and everyone acted like it was normal, and you weren’t sure if you were crazy or everyone around you was crazy?

What did you eat so much of that now you hate it?

What are some of the dumbest lyrics you’ve heard in a song?

Where’s the line between soup and cereal?

What word do you always mispronounce?

What do you think you do better than 90% of people?

What would be the worst food to be liquefied and drunk through a straw?

What’s the weirdest thing about modern life that people just accept as normal?

How much of your body would you cybernetically enhance if you could?

If you wanted to slowly drive a roommate insane using only notes, what kind of notes would you leave around the house?

If you had a giraffe that you needed to hide, where would you hide it?

What’s the clumsiest thing you’ve done?

What songs do you only know the chorus to?

Think of a brand, now what would an honest slogan for that brand be?

What’s the most amazing place in nature you’ve been?

What’s quickly becoming obsolete?

Where is the most uncomfortable place you have ever slept?

What’s the most annoying animal you’ve encountered?

What’s your best example of correlation not equaling causation?

In what situations, do you wish you could throw down a smoke bomb and disappear?

When was the last time you were hopelessly lost?

What songs do you feel compelled to sing along with when you hear them, even if you don’t totally know all the words?

What product do you wish a company would make a “smart” version of?

What two films would you like to combine into one?

As a child, what did you think would be awesome about being an adult, but isn’t as awesome as you thought it would be?

When’s censorship warranted?

What’s the most boring super hero you can come up with?

What would be some of the downsides of certain superpowers?

What word is a lot of fun to say?

What current trend do you hope will go on for a long time?

What actors or actresses can’t play a different character because they played their most famous character too well?

Where’s your go to restaurant for amazing food?

What’s something that all your friends agree on?

What’s your best story from a wedding?

What’s are some of your Pavlovian responses?
What was the last funny video you saw?

What do you do to get rid of stress?

What is something you are obsessed with?

Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?

What’s your favorite way to waste time?

Do you have any pets? What are their names?

Where did you go last weekend? What did you do?

What are you going to do this weekend?

What is something that is popular now that annoys you?

What did you do on your last vacation?

What was the last time you worked incredibly hard?

Are you very active of do you prefer to just relax in your free time?

What do you do when you hang out with your friends?

Who is your oldest friend? Where did you meet them?

What’s the best / worst thing about your work / school?

If you had intro music, what song would it be? Why?

What were you really into when you were a kid?

If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?

What three words best describe you?

What would be your perfect weekend?

What do you think of tattoos? Do you have any?

What’s your favorite number? Why?

What’s the most useful thing you own?

Have you ever saved an animal’s life? How about a person’s life?

If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?

Are you a very organized person?

Have you ever spoke in front of a large group of people? How did it go?

What is the strangest dream you have ever had?

What is a controversial opinion you have?

Who in your life brings you the most joy?

Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?

What is the most annoying habit someone can have?

Where is the most beautiful place you have been?

Where do you spend most of your free time / day?

Who was your best friend in elementary school?

How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?

What’s your favorite season? Why?

Which is more important, a great car or a great house? Why?

What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?

Where is the most beautiful place near where you live?

What do you bring with you everywhere you go?

How much time do you spend on the internet? What do you usually do?

What is the most disgusting habit some people have?

Where and when was the most amazing sunset you have ever seen?

Which recent news story is the most interesting?

Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?

If you had to change your name, what would your new name be?

What is something that really annoys you but doesn’t bother most people?

What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?

How should success be measured? By that measurement, who is the most successful person you know?

What is your guilty pleasure?

Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?

If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?

Has anyone ever saved your life?

What benefit do you bring to the group when you hang out with friends?

How often do you curse?

What trends did you follow when you were younger?

What do you fear is hiding in the dark?

What was the best time period of your life? What do you think will be the best time period of your entire life?

What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?

What is the silliest fear you have?

What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?

What is the best room in your house? Why?

Who is someone who is popular now that you really like? Why do you like them so much?

Where is the best place to take a date?

What smell brings back great memories?

How often do you help others? Who do you help? How do you help?

What are you best at?

What makes you nervous?

Who, besides your parents, had the biggest impact on your life?

What weird or useless talent do you have?

What are some strange beliefs that some people have?

Who would be the worst person to be stuck in an elevator with? How about the best person to be stuck in an elevator with?

What’s the funniest TV series you have seen?

Which TV show do you want your life to be like?

If you could bring back one TV show that was cancelled, which one would you bring back?

How have TV shows changed over the years?

What’s the best sitcom past or present?

What’s the best show currently on TV?

What do you think about game shows? Do you have a favorite one?

What’s the most underrated or overrated TV show?

What do you think about reality TV? Why is it so popular?

Do you like reality TV shows? Why or why not? If so, which ones?

What will be the future of TV shows?

What was the best birthday wish or gift you’ve ever received?

How often do you binge watch shows?

What cartoons did you watch as a child?
What was the last movie you watched? How was it?

Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?

What’s the worst movie you have seen recently?

What’s the strangest movie you have ever seen?

What is the most overrated movie?

What’s your favorite genre of movie?

What movie scene choked you up the most?

Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?

When was the last time you went to a movie theater?

Do movies have the same power as books to change the world?

Which do you prefer? Books or movies?

Do you like horror movies? Why or why not?

What was the last book you read?

What book has had the biggest impact on your life?

What was your favorite book as a child?

Do you prefer physical books or ebooks?

What is the longest book you have read?

What was the worst book you had to read for school? How about the best book you had to read for school?

What book genres do you like to read?

Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?

What book has influenced you the most?

What book has had the biggest effect on the modern world?

Do you think people read more or less books now than 50 years ago?

How fast do you read?

How often do you go to the library?

Now that indie publishing has become easier, have books gotten better or worse?

What song always puts you in a good mood?

Which do you prefer, popular music or relatively unknown music?

What was the last song you listened to?

What is your favorite movie soundtrack?

Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?

Do you like going to concerts? Why or why not? What was the last concert you went to?

Who was the first band or musician you were really into? Do you still like them?

Records, tapes, CDs, MP3s. Which did you grow up with? What is good and bad about each?

What bands or types of music do you listen to when you exercise?

Do you like classical music?

What’s the best way to discover new music?

How has technology changed the music industry?

What are the three best apps on your phone?

What’s the most addictive mobile game you have played?

An app mysteriously appears on your phone that does something amazing. What does it do?

How many apps do you have on your phone?

What is the most annoying app you have tried?

Which app seemed like magic the first time you used it?

What is the strangest app you have heard of or tried?

Which app has helped society the most? Which one has hurt society the most?

What is the most useful app on your phone?

What apps have changed your life a lot?

What do app makers do that really annoys you?

How often do you check your phone?

Do you always have to have the latest phone?

What was your first smart phone? How did you feel when you got it?

What is the most annoying thing about your phone?

What kind of case do you have for your phone? Why did you choose it?

Do you text more or call more? Why?

What will phones be like in 10 years?

Do you experience phantom vibration? (Feeling your phone vibrate even though it didn’t.)

How do you feel if you accidentally leave your phone at home?

What do you wish your phone could do?

What sports do you like to watch?

Who are some of your favorite athletes?

Which sports do you like to play?

Which sport is the most exciting to watch? Which is the most boring to watch?

Do athletes deserve the high salaries they receive? Why or why not?

What is the hardest sport to excel at?

Who are the 3 greatest athletes of all time?

What defines a sport? Is fishing a sport? How about video game tournaments?

Why do you think sports are common across almost all cultures present and past?

What do you think the oldest sport still being played is?

How much time do you spend watching sports in a week?

Do you play sports video games? Which ones? Is playing the video game or sport more fun? Why?
What is the worst restaurant you have ever eaten at?

What restaurant do you eat at most?

What’s the worst fast food restaurant?

What is the best restaurant in your area?

Would you eat at a restaurant that was really dirty if the food was amazing?

What kind of interior do you like a restaurant to have?

If you opened a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve?

What was your favorite restaurant when you were in university? How about when you were a child?

What is the strangest themed restaurant you have heard of?

What is the fanciest restaurant you have eaten at?

What is the most disgusting thing you have heard about that happened at a restaurant?

Have you traveled to any different countries? Which ones?

Where is the most relaxing place you have been?

Where is the most awe inspiring place you have been?

Do you prefer traveling alone or with a group?

What do you think of tour group packages?

Talk about some of the interesting people you have met while traveling.

Where would you like to travel next?

What was the most over hyped place you’ve traveled to?

What’s the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)

What’s the best thing about traveling? How about the worst thing?

How do you think traveling to a lot of different countries changes a person?

What is the longest plane trip you have taken?

What do you think of stay-cations? (Vacationing and seeing tourist attractions where you live.)

Do you prefer to go off the beaten path when you travel?

Where do you get your recommendations for what to do and where to stay when you travel?

What is the worst hotel you have stayed at? How about the best hotel?

What is your favorite piece of technology that you own?

What piece of technology is really frustrating to use?

What was the best invention of the last 50 years?

Does technology simplify life or make it more complicated?

Which emerging technology are you most excited about?

What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?

Will technology save the human race or destroy it?

What piece of technology would look like magic or a miracle to people in medieval Europe?

Can you think of any technology that has only made the world worse? How about a piece of technology that has only made the world better?

What technology from a science fiction movie would you most like to have?

What scifi movie or book would you like the future to be like?

What do you think the next big technological advance will be?

Do you care about fashion? What style of clothes do you usually wear?

What is the best pair of shoes you have ever owned? Why were they so good?

What is your favorite shirt?

What is the most embarrassing piece of clothing you own?

Does fashion help society in any way?

What is a fashion trend you are really glad went away?

Who do you think has the biggest impact on fashion trends: actors and actresses, musicians, fashion designers, or consumers?

What old trend is coming back these days?

If you didn’t care at all what people thought of you, what clothes would you wear?

What is the most comfortable piece of clothing you own?

How do clothes change how the opposite sex views a person?

What is the craziest, most outrageous thing you want to achieve?

What are some goals you have already achieved?

What personal goals do you have?

What do you hope to achieve in your professional life?

Have your parents influenced what goals you have?

Do you usually achieve goals you set? Why or why not?

What is the best way to stay motivated and complete goals?

What are some goals you have failed to accomplish?

When do you want to retire? What do you want to do when you retire?

What are your goals for the next two years?

How have your goals changed over your life?

How much do you plan for the future?

How do you plan to make the world a better place?

What’s the most refreshing thing on a hot summer day?

What’s the best thing to do on a cold winter day?

Where is the nicest place you have been to in fall?

What is your favorite thing to eat or drink in winter?

Do you prefer summer or winter activities?

What do you like to do in spring?

Did your family take seasonal vacations?

Do you feel like fall and spring are getting shorter?

Which season are you most active in?

Is it better to live where there are four seasons or where one season takes up most of the year?

If you could make a holiday, what would it be like? What traditions would it have? What would people eat on your holiday?

What is the biggest holiday for your family?

Do you wish there were more or less holidays? Why?

If you had to get rid of a holiday, which would you get rid of? Why?

What is your favorite holiday?

What kinds of food do you usually eat on your favorite holiday?

Does having a day off for a holiday increase or decrease productivity at work?

What holidays have been over commercialized?

If some of the lesser known holidays were commercialized, what would the commercialization look like?

What do you know about the history of some holidays?

What are some good and bad things about the education system in your country?

What do you think of online education?

How can governments make education more efficient?

What do you think of standardized tests?

How can technology improve education? Can it hurt education?

Are bigger or small schools better?

Is teaching a skill that can be taught?

What will the future of education be?

What do you think of homeschooling?

How has the education you received changed your life?

What or who has taught you most of the information you use on a regular basis?

What is your favorite food?

Do you like spicy food? Why or why not? What is the spiciest thing you have ever eaten?

What foods do you absolutely hate?

What food do you know you shouldn’t eat but can’t help yourself?

Does government have a place in regulating food? To what extent should government regulate food?

When was the last time you had a food fight?

What do you get every time you go grocery shopping?

If your life was a meal, what would kind of meal would it be?

What do you think of buffets?

What would you want your last meal to be if you were on death row?

What food looks disgusting but tastes delicious?

Time freezes for everyone but you for one day. What do you do?

If you could call up anyone in the world and have a one hour conversation, who would you call?

You have to relive one day of your life forever. Which day do you choose?

If your mind was an island, what would it look like?

What flavor of ice cream do you wish existed?

What does your own personal hell look like? How about your own personal heaven?

A portal to another world opens in front of you. You don’t know how long it will stay open or if you’ll be able to get back after you go through. What do you do?

If you had a personal mascot, what would your mascot be?

You find a remote that can rewind, fast forward, stop and start time. What do you do with it?

If you were a king / queen, what would your throne look like?

If you were on the run from the police for a crime you didn’t commit, where would you go?
